Update README.md (#89)
auth0/SimpleKeychain: README.md

## Contributing

Just clone the repo, run `carthage bootstrap` and you're ready to contribute!

## What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

> * Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://auth0.com/docs/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, amont others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.

Reviewer: Seems redundant to mention 'authentication' twice here. Also a couple of edits and typos:

```suggestion
* Add authentication with [multiple sources](https://auth0.com/docs/identityproviders), either social identity providers such as **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce** (amongst others), or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS, or any SAML Identity Provider**.
```

* Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://auth0.com/docs/connections/database/custom-db)**.
* Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://auth0.com/docs/link-accounts)** with the same user.
* Support for generating signed [JSON Web Tokens](https://auth0.com/docs/tokens/concepts/jwts) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.

> * Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Analytics of how, when, and where users are logging in.
```

> * Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://auth0.com/docs/rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile through [JavaScript rules](https://auth0.com/docs/rules).
```

## Create a Free Auth0 Account

> 1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com) and click Sign Up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com) and click **Sign Up**.
```

> 2. Use Google, GitHub or Microsoft Account to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use Google, GitHub, or Microsoft Account to login.
```

## Issue Reporting

> If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/responsible-disclosure-policy) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

Reviewer: I'd make this slightly more concise and link them directly to issues for ease:

```suggestion
If you have found a bug or to request a feature, please [raise an issue](https://github.com/auth0/simplekeychain/issues). Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/responsible-disclosure-policy) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.
```
